115-metadata-sha1-check.py usr/bin
archive-eml usr/bin
baidu-metadata-md5-check.py usr/bin
batch.644.file usr/bin
batch.755.folder usr/bin
batch.7z2tarxz usr/bin
batch.7z.test usr/bin
batch.archive.git.repo.py usr/bin
batch.AVI.test usr/bin
batch.dos2unix usr/bin
batch.GBK2UTF-8.convert usr/bin
batch.git.gc usr/bin
batch.hardlink.py usr/bin
batch.jpg.test usr/bin
batch.JPG.test usr/bin
batch.md2docx usr/bin
batch.msxmldocs.test usr/bin
batch.rar.test usr/bin
batch.sha1sum.rename usr/bin
batch.tar.xz.test usr/bin
batch.torrent.rename usr/bin
batch.zip.test usr/bin
check.ISBN.py usr/bin
currentdir.md5sum usr/bin
currentdir.sha1sum usr/bin
currentdir.sha256sum usr/bin
dmtf-std-update.py usr/bin
extract-html-links.py usr/bin
file-cmp-trash-dup.py usr/bin
file-name-replace-string usr/bin
gitallbranch usr/bin
gitfetchandpull usr/bin
iconv.GBK2UTF-8 usr/bin
iconv.UTF-16toUTF-8 usr/bin
isbn.py usr/bin
iTunesBackupCleanup.py usr/bin
md2docx.sh usr/bin
old-cn-std-book-number.py usr/bin
python-show-path.py usr/bin
readbarcode.py usr/bin
renamet.py usr/bin
sha1sum.rename usr/bin
tardir2xz usr/bin
unzipmbcs.py usr/bin
xhtml5format usr/bin
